DOCS-5309 CockroachDB Integration Edits + Metrics Versioning Organization (#15073)
DataDog/integrations-core: cockroachdb/README.md

The CockroachDB check is included in the [Datadog Agent][2] package, so you do not
need to install anything else on your server.

> Starting with version 1.9.0, this OpenMetrics-based integration has a latest mode (`use_openmetrics`: true) and a legacy mode (`use_openmetrics`: false). To get all the most up-to-date features, Datadog recommends enabling the latest mode. Note that the latest mode requires Python 3. For more information, see [Latest and Legacy Versioning For OpenMetrics-based Integrations][14].

Reviewer: This is where it gets a bit tricky because not all integrations have used the exact same config options to enable one mode or the other. In this case, it is the presence of the `openmetrics_endpoint` that triggers the change: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/ed10099eb29d286a1e7859bbff16046007d29c8a/cockroachdb/datadog_checks/cockroachdb/cockroachdb.py#L18-L30

Let me see if I can find a short enough way to express that within our cookiecutter paragraph. Feel free to improve on it.

```suggestion
Starting with version 1.9.0, this OpenMetrics-based integration has a latest mode (enabled by setting `openmetrics_endpoint` to point to the target endpoint) and a legacy mode (enabled by setting `prometheus_url` instead). To get all the most up-to-date features, Datadog recommends enabling the latest mode. Note that the latest mode requires Python 3. For more information, see [Latest and Legacy Versioning For OpenMetrics-based Integrations][14].
```

The CockroachDB check is included in the [Datadog Agent][2] package, so you do not
need to install anything else on your server.

> ### Prerequisities
> 
> This OpenMetrics-based integration has a latest version (V2) and a legacy version (V1). To get all the most up-to-date features, Datadog recommends upgrading to the latest version. For more information, see [Latest and Legacy Versioning For OpenMetrics-based Integrations][14].

Author: ```suggestion
Starting with version 1.9.0, this OpenMetrics-based integration has a latest mode (`use_openmetrics`: true) and a legacy mode (`use_openmetrics`: false). To get all the most up-to-date features, Datadog recommends enabling the latest mode. For more information, see [Latest and Legacy Versioning For OpenMetrics-based Integrations][14].
```

> This OpenMetrics-based integration has a latest version (V2) and a legacy version (V1). To get all the most up-to-date features, Datadog recommends upgrading to the latest version. For more information, see the [Latest and Legacy Versioning For OpenMetrics-based Integrations][14].

Author: ```suggestion
This OpenMetrics-based integration has a latest version (V2) and a legacy version (V1). To get all the most up-to-date features, Datadog recommends upgrading to the latest version. For more information, see [Latest and Legacy Versioning For OpenMetrics-based Integrations][14].
```

> Version 1.9.0 and later of this check uses the [latest version][12] for metric collection, which requires Python 3. For hosts unable to use Python 3, or to use the legacy version of this check, see the following [configuration][13].

Author: ```suggestion
For hosts unable to use Python 3, or to use legacy mode, see the following [configuration][13].
```

[11]: https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/monitor-cockroachdb-performance-metrics-with-datadog
[12]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/openmetrics/
[13]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/7.33.x/cockroachdb/datadog_checks/cockroachdb/data/conf.yaml.example

> [14]: https://docs.datadohgq.com/integrations/guide/versions-for-openmetrics-based-integrations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[14]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/guide/versions-for-openmetrics-based-integrations
```
